the Governor John Connally who was
wounded in the assassination of
President Kennedy has been described in
the most recent the medical bulletin as
satisfactory satisfactory is a condition
of Texas Governor John Connally
NBC's Richard valeriani has been at the
White House in Washington throughout the
afternoon and understood that crowds are
gathering there there's a certain
feeling of hopelessness that goes with
with these things but everyone turns to
his neighbor and whoever is near him and
tries some way to absorb the full impact
of the knowledge and there's not a great
deal that can be done people around the
world are trying to accommodate
themselves to what has happened in the
United States now as we could see
President Eisenhower a while ago was
still wrestling with you but the
enormity of the idea and trying to
reconcile it with his basic conviction
list
Americans are decent people and they
don't do this sort of thing but it has
happened with with alarming regularity
over the years so let's go to the White
House now in Washington and NBC's
Richard valeriani to see what the
situation is there the new President of
the United States Lyndon Johnson is on
his way to Washington from Dallas he is
scheduled to land at Andrews Air Force
Base and the presidential jet Air Force
One and about an hour from now the body
of the late President John Kennedy is
also aboard the flame members of the
cabinet are going out to Andrews to meet
the new president mrs. Jacqueline
Kennedy is also believed to be aboard
the plane
President Johnson the White House
announces we'll have a statement to make
at the airport on arrival he will then
fly to the White House by helicopter and
after that his plans are indefinite the
two kennedy children Caroline and John
Jr are here at the White House they have
not yet been told of their father's
death they are with a nursemaid miss
Maude Shaw also in the White House is
the late president's brother-in-law
Sargent Shriver who is making
arrangements for the funeral he's
coordinating this with members of the
military mrs. Shriver the late
president's sister has flown to Hyannis
to be with ambassador Joseph Kennedy the
president's father
outside in front of the White House
along Pennsylvania Avenue crowds have
been gathering sand shortly after
confirmation of the president's death
extra police details have been assigned
to the area they have roped off one side
of the street to keep the crowds back
they are keeping pedestrians moving the
crowd is silent very grim face we saw
one student from Georgetown University
crying there was a girl from the Peace
Corps who told one of our reporters at
golf of NBC Washington that I myself and
part of the legacy he President Kennedy
has left for the world we are also told
that the contrary to reports from Dallas
no Secret Service agent was killed in
the gunfire we are also told that Secret
Service agents have been assigned to
protect the Speaker of the House John
McCormack who was next in line after
President Johnson this is Richard
valeriani NBC News at the White House
local people flocked to a church in new
Ross Ireland tonight to offer prayers
when they heard of the assassination of
President Kennedy President came to that
area of County Wexford in Ireland home
of his ancestors in June during his
European tour
John V Kelly a new Ross auctioneer who
met Kennedy at the time told us when the
people here are deeply grieved people
heard the news on television and
immediately ran the neighbors who did
not have sets